so I
people so I should get a Twitter
account I said oh what a waste
I'm an academic
I had all the same negative rare
short-sighted reaction but I
think most people had
everywhere an the 140 character
what I need this for
size alright fine fine by so
around so yes I did it have
released
shut people out there and I
tweet what everybody else is
tweeting Romney the hamburger
answer the question which was
what are you doing we change
later what's happening though it
was started crossing the park
now and I and I so wanna do it
why am i doing it
and one day changed my life
correct so I'm visiting Las
Vegas
okay for PBS Nova ScienceNOW
share for and we do expect
whatever
we're doing a program I believe
you as for its in the name of
science
it was it was for research of
course complete research ever do
a show
on how the brain can be four and
because Vegas is quite
the place for magicians not the
least of which is Penn and
Teller but there are others as
well
makes a good a good lounge act
alright apart
and so I get off the plane I go
through
record airport and I do the vain
thing you do if you have a book
it out it be checked the
bookstore si of course if
they're on the shot face that I
have ever visited last minute
yes they do the main things I go
to the bookstore and I don't see
the book
okay well as this is on I so it
might have been
I put a book had maybe it was
the color so
I'm there and I go to the front
desk by this is not just one of
these
newsstand that happens have
bestsellers it's a four books or
sheltered categorically
categories so ask the front desk
duty
with your science section so 0
we don't have a science section
and that moment I thought to
myself 0
wouldn't want any rational
thinking going on before you go
gamble
of course not I have forced like
that every day but it occurred
to me
that a tweet right so why don't
I just tweak these thoughts that
I'm having
every freaking day of my life
help through it's the world
through the lens
Ivan astrophysicist assigns
winner educator
and I started tweeting their and
people went bananas and every
tweet
require and then the following
you around here
Voice there with their was at
all I have to do is go to shape
it into the 140 characters
already short short box anyway
so there was no rupture strong
literary
values in terms what words to
use in
like I like an economy in line
and and the rhythm but the words
and
how do they sound as you as you
recite them in your head
and wears them down versus the
bird and badges
I'm I think we're very similar
to properly punctuated
than so I've been doing that and
and yeah when I when cause was
came out
it would jump up a little but
basically there's been this
general upward trend
and art so that I think has
become my relationship to the
Twitter